profile/README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

Welcome to the JetTracker organization on GitHub, an open-source-orientated flight and C02 emission tracking organization ✈️. By making CO2 emission data publicly available, 
we hope to make it easier for the general public to hold big polluters accountable and, in doing so, fight climate change 🌍. 

- 🤺 We are dedicated to fighting climate change via OS. Therefore, most of our code is publicly available under an MIT license.
- 🙋‍♀️ We are a community-based project that is open to all people, ideas and contributions.
- 🌍 We love to connect and collaborate with journalists, developers and other organizations fighting climate change.

### How to contribute

All of our repositories, except the Web Application[^1], are publicly available. You can, therefore, easily contribute to the cause by:

- Report bugs.
- Creating pull requests. 
- Submitting fixes.
- Proposing new features.
- Becoming a maintainer.
- [Ask or answer questions](https://github.com/jettracker-org/community).
- [Discussing the current state of the project](https://discord.com/invite/EhVPmRK7P4).

If you are interested in helping or want to know more about us, please hop into our [discord server](https://discord.gg/EhVPmRK7P4) 🧙💬.

<!-- Light Mode -->
<div>
<a href="https://discord.gg/EhVPmRK7P4#gh-light-mode-only">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1077263536524370002?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&labelColor=000&color=3572A5#gh-light-mode-only" alt="Ask me anything">
</a>
<!-- Dark Mode -->
<a href="https://discord.gg/EhVPmRK7P4#gh-dark-mode-only">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1077263536524370002?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&labelColor=000&color=FFF#gh-dark-mode-only" alt="Ask me anything">
</a>

[^1]: Private for now but like all other of our repositories is licensed under a MIT license.

Commit message:

docs: add COC and CONTRIBUTING to ORG readme

profile/README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

Welcome to the JetTracker organization on GitHub, an open-source-orientated flight and C02 emission tracking organization ✈️. By making CO2 emission data publicly available, 
we hope to make it easier for the general public to hold big polluters accountable and, in doing so, fight climate change 🌍. 

- 🤺 We are dedicated to fighting climate change via OS. Therefore, most of our code is publicly available under an MIT license.
- 🙋‍♀️ We are a community-based project that is open to all people, ideas and contributions.
- 🌍 We love to connect and collaborate with journalists, developers and other organizations fighting climate change.

### How to contribute

All of our repositories, except the Web Application[^1], are publicly available. You can, therefore, easily contribute to the cause by:

- Report bugs.
- Creating pull requests. 
- Submitting fixes.
- Proposing new features.
- Becoming a maintainer.
- [Ask or answer questions](https://github.com/jettracker-org/community).
- [Discussing the current state of the project](https://discord.com/invite/EhVPmRK7P4).

Please read our [Code Of Conduct](https://github.com/jettracker-org/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/jettracker-org/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). If you want to know more about us, please hop into our [discord server](https://discord.gg/EhVPmRK7P4) 🧙💬.

<!-- Light Mode -->
<div>
<a href="https://discord.gg/EhVPmRK7P4#gh-light-mode-only">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1077263536524370002?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&labelColor=000&color=3572A5#gh-light-mode-only" alt="Ask me anything">
</a>
<!-- Dark Mode -->
<a href="https://discord.gg/EhVPmRK7P4#gh-dark-mode-only">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1077263536524370002?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&labelColor=000&color=FFF#gh-dark-mode-only" alt="Ask me anything">
</a>

[^1]: Private for now but like all other of our repositories is licensed under a MIT license.
